Main points:
- the emails may involve other people, which were not subpoenad, or thir parties which whose potentiallt private information was mentioned in the emails. But now that the emails are public, this means that their information is also exposed, even though they had nothing to do with it.
- another fact may tie to the private life of the subpoenad individuals involved in this case, both themselves and their famillies and loved ones. Various sensitive pieces of information may have been publicly exposed
- another fact that may raise ethical issue would be that some of the authors of the emails were innocent and were forced to expose their information due to their workplace's misdeeds.
- later repercussion due to the usage of personal data in NLP projects.



Final version:

    In regards to the ethical implications of the accesibility and usage of Enron's email data, a multitudie of problems may arise concerning its usage, content and transparency.
    Firstly, I believe that the usage of personal data, no matter the legality of its provenience, in NLP projects can become a threat to one's privacy, as control over their data would be lost.
Thus raising the need for adding a layer of anonimization over the data before its usage, if its not provided willingly and knowingly by users, such as masking certain elements with neutral labels, making individuals harder to be identified and changing the word order.
This situation is already visible with Github's copilot software, which uses as training data the entirety of Github's public repositories. This has the effect of not just plagiarising other
people's code, but also making visible their API keys and other personal information.
    Secondly, the authors of many of those emails were regular employees of Enron, with no connection to its missdeeds, whose private information has been publicized against their will due
to the company's legal troubles. This should not be excused by the existence of some individuals which were prosecuted due to the contents of their emails, as the judicial system should operate under
the presumption of innocence. Thus, I consider the very source of the dataset as inethical as it's derived from a blanket decision meant to expose a select few suspect individuals, which ended up forfeiting the
privacy of a significant amount of innocent employees.
    Finally, there is the aspect of other people's sensitive information being discussed in the publicized mails. These third parties having never given their consent and many of them having next to no
connection to Enron's ilegal dealings.These third parties can range from friends and familly all the way to businesses offering services to Enron such as catering, cleaning or maintenance. Enron's subpoena
has exposed not just Enron's internal emails but also the emails being replied to or forwarded that belonged to other individuals or organisations, who had no say in their publication and further use.
    In conclusion, I would say that the given dataset has strong unethical aspects, which would discourage me from using them in other NLP projects without anonimizing the data first.
